PRE KICK-OFF FORM FIELDS FOR EACH SERVICE 
—

Contract - Matt, will you double check these items are on the contract as required?
Website Access
GBP Access 
—

GENERAL:
Share a direct link to your Company Website 
Who will be the primary Point of Contact for your team? Please list the email address below. 
List your Standard Discounts/Promotions/Deals - if applicable
List your Seasonal Discounts/Promotions/Deals - if applicable
List your freebie or lead magnet offers - if applicable
Upload Your Company Logo Files 
Upload Your Company Brand Images 
Share a direct link to your Business Facebook Page  
Share a direct link to your Business Instagram Page 
Share a direct link to your Business LinkedIn Page 
Share a direct link to your ‘Other’ Social Media Page 

—

SEO: No Kick-Off fields 

— Address
Phone number
Hours
5 Cities To Target
Services listed in order by priority
Services people think you do that you do  not do.


GOOGLE PPC:
Upload Your Company’s Articles of Corporation 
Upload a copy (Front & Back) of the Driver's License of the person listed on the Articles of Incorporation 
Same info as SEO
PPC Budget 
—

GOOGLE LSA
Upload Your Company’s Articles of Corporation 
Upload a copy (Front & Back) of the Driver's License of the person listed on the Articles of Incorporation Business Insurance - Upload
License Number OR Bar Association Number - if applicable 
In your email you should’ve received a request to manage your google profile from McWilliams Media. Please accept it at this time
Use your personal Gmail to initiate the Google LSA account. You have two options - Select One:
Option 1: Complete Today. Here are the steps: LINK
Option 2: We complete the steps together at your kick-off meeting 
LSA Budget

SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGEMENT: 
If we are publishing posts to your Instagram account, please Verify your Instagram Business Account is connected to your Facebook Business Page. Here are the steps: LINK
What graphic style most fits your business visually? Select up to 3
Modern, Minimalistic, Rustic, Vibrant, Upscale, Youthful, Feminine, Masculine, Elegant, Economical, Sophisticated, Laidback, Fun, Trendy
What type of posts would you like to see in your content? Select up to 3
Humorous, Informative, Trendy, Engaging, Interactive, Inspirational, Promotional, Conversational, Educational, Casual, Relaxed
Please link two inspirational accounts in similar industries. When you see posts from this social media page you think “wow, that looks and sounds good!”.

SOCIAL MEDIA (META) ADS: 
Have you done / are you currently running Meta Ads? Yes/No
If Yes, What is the Meta Business Manager name?
If Yes, What is the Facebook Ad Account Name?
If Yes, Do you have a website landing page for your ads? Yes/No
If we are running ads to your Instagram account, please Verify your Instagram Business Account is connected to your Facebook Business Page. Here are the steps: LINK
Confirm your identity on your personal Facebook profile. Here are the steps: LINK
Add Payment Method to your Meta Ad Account. Here are the steps: LINK
You may need to verify your phone number on your Meta Ad Account in order for ads to run, here are the steps to do that: LINK

EMAIL MARKETING:: 
Upload your existing Email Contact List 
Have you done / are you currently doing email marketing? Yes/No
If so, what platform? 
If you have an existing MailChimp account, please give us access. Here are the Steps: LINK
What is your Current Email List Size?       